debian/input/lib/commons-configuration-1.8.jar /usr/share/vph-secproxy/lib
debian/input/lib/commons-lang-2.6.jar /usr/share/vph-secproxy/lib
debian/input/lib/commons-logging-1.1.1.jar /usr/share/vph-secproxy/lib
debian/input/lib/commons-httpclient-3.1.jar /usr/share/vph-secproxy/lib
debian/input/lib/httpclient-4.2.1.jar /usr/share/vph-secproxy/lib
debian/input/lib/httpcore-4.2.1.jar /usr/share/vph-secproxy/lib
debian/input/lib/httpcore-nio-4.2.1.jar /usr/share/vph-secproxy/lib
debian/input/lib/SecAgent.jar /usr/share/vph-secproxy/lib
debian/input/lib/SecProxy.jar /usr/share/vph-secproxy/lib
debian/input/lib/PolicyEngine.jar /usr/share/vph-secproxy/lib
debian/input/lib/sunxacml-2.0-SNAPSHOT.jar /usr/share/vph-secproxy/lib
debian/input/lib/sunxacml-support-2.0.jar /usr/share/vph-secproxy/lib
debian/input/log.properties /etc/vph-secproxy
debian/input/mi_pub_key.pem /etc/vph-secproxy
debian/input/SecAgent.log.properties /etc/vph-secproxy
debian/input/SecAgent.properties /etc/vph-secproxy
debian/input/SecProxy.jks /etc/vph-secproxy
debian/input/SecProxy.properties /etc/vph-secproxy
debian/input/vphsecagent /etc/init.d
debian/input/vphsecproxy /etc/init.d
debian/input/templates/401.html /etc/vph-secproxy/templates
debian/input/templates/403.html /etc/vph-secproxy/templates
debian/input/templates/407.html /etc/vph-secproxy/templates
